we're hey guys was going on trip here I
welcome to budget beef this is a series
where we review cheap players that are
really really good and FIFA 15 these
players usually cost under three
thousand coins if you want to see a plan
reviewed in this series then comment
down lower and don't forget to leave a
like on the video before it starts so
yeah Lego
okay guys full video to us if you wanna
buy some coins HIPAA to fifa coins land
or common user code and the checkout
Fatima's in off your purchase the
shivers coin site around all these two
lincoln description so today i have you
guys the cheap Ibrahimovic on fee 15 and
that card is going to be this guy clint
dempsey lot of yous are gonna be like
what why clumped in see now i have a lot
of reasons for this the first one is
look at his stance he's not the pace
it's because we are good dribbling a
good shooting in good physical and he
has decent her passing stairs all the
things on Eva he cost me seven hundred
coins and in five games he's called me
13 goals got me one and says my question
of the day is what can I do to improve
my content what new series is do you
want to see comment down below so he's
31 years old he's 61 so he's pretty tall
he can place in afford cam or striker he
has a he's waitford he has medium medium
work rates and he has full solid week
from full stats go look at the traits
power free kick flare and the long shot
taker trait a lot of traits that Ebert
does also share and the physical
comparison now he's got good vision not
the best acceleration I he's apparently
70 full streams according to this and
look at the scholar tributes ball
control dribbling finishing eating
accuracy long shots sure pal shot pal
all things you expect Eber to be good at
and also I you know whose volleys a
decent to moving on to why he is the
cheapy bruh now and if you're gonna
fight hit actually before I go into too
much detail look at the traits on foot
head and they are pretty much exactly
the same he shares a lot of common
things with Eber and also in hit ahead
he has five starts kill clint dempsey so
the skills and the dribbling is so
fluent ah you know the bull stays close
to him and he's not Pacey so the fact
that I can be free for five players with
him says a lot you know he is so a good
at dribbling he scores a one of good
goals as you saw before i did a rainbow
go and you know he just scores good
goals look at this like there's so many
people around him and he just manages to
you know maneuver himself position
something you'd expect deeper to do in
that situation this is long shots cuz
long shot so amazing guys I you know I'm
just called two or
free will form i'm pretty sure but trust
me when i say this a lot of them have
the barrel or than that the person s is
me not being very good of long shots if
you're one of those people that know how
to pull them off you're gonna score so
many goals he's got a great finish you
know that's pretty obvious I mean from
the clips and from just knowing about
clint dempsey know his finishing in the
box is absolutely insane with his head
because he wins every hitter so you know
in the air or on the ground this guy
will put the ball in the back of the net
which is you know awesome he feels
extremely strong and like here and he's
not the fastest like you bruh you know I
in terms physically he's very much like
uber and you know in terms of like
everything else probably only a step
below but considering he's five hundred
cheaper definitely build your team
around this guy if you want an uber like
a player to use so if you have enjoyed
the cheap Ibrahimovic on FIFA 15 please
deliver like guys could we hear over 65
likes that would be absolutely awesome
don't forget to comment down below what
i can do to improve my content also what
budget piece you want to see next in
this series and don't forget to
subscribe if you're new here thank you
guys for five thousand six hundred stars
road to six thousand subs so like
comments up and i'll catch you guys all
tomorrow